docs: add note about support regarding version upgrade (#859)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/install-upgrade/version-upgrade.mdx

## Upgrading your version

:::note

> We recommend upgrading only one major version at a time. For example, from `22.2` to `22.3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redpanda recommends that you upgrade only one major version at a time. For example, from `22.2` to `22.3`.
```

> Redpanda recommends that you upgrade only one major version at a time. For example, from `22.2` to `22.3`.

Reviewer 2: "recommend" is too soft of a word.  This is the _only_ supported upgrade path: it is mandatory.

For best results we also recommand updating to the latest minor release of your current feature branch before updating to the next feature branch.  This part isn't mandatory.

Author: How about 
"Redpanda supports upgrading only one major version at a time. For example, from `22.2` to `22.3`."
@jcsp

Reviewer 2: I would phrase it something like this:

When upgrading between major versions, it is only supported upgrade one version at a time.  For example, upgrading from `22.1` to `22.2` is supported, while upgrading from `22.1` directly to `22.3` is not.  In the latter case, you would upgrade first to `22.2`, and then onwards to `22.3`

Reviewer: How about:
When upgrading between major versions, Redpanda only supports upgrading one version at a time. For example, upgrading from 22.1 to 22.2 is supported, while upgrading from 22.1 directly to 22.3 is not. In the latter case, you would upgrade first to 22.2, and then to 22.3

Reviewer 2: :ok_hand: Perfect

> Redpanda recommends that you upgrade only one major version at a time. For example, from `22.2` to `22.3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading between major versions, Redpanda only supports upgrading one version at a time. For example, upgrading from `22.1` to `22.2` is supported, while upgrading from `22.1` directly to `22.3` is not. In the latter case, you would upgrade first to `22.2`, and then to `22.3`.
```
